README.md, before:

# InstrumentStudio Plug-In for LabVIEW

- [InstrumentStudio Plug-In for LabVIEW](#instrumentstudio-plug-in-for-labview)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Software support](#software-support)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Developing and deploying a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in](#developing-and-deploying-a-labview-instrumentstudio-plug-in)
  - [Using a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in in InstrumentStudio](#using-a-labview-instrumentstudio-plug-in-in-instrumentstudio)
  - [Building package to deploy a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in](#building-package-to-deploy-a-labview-instrumentstudio-plug-in)
  - [Examples](#examples)
  - [Note](#note)

---

## Introduction

The InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK for LabVIEW allows users to host LabVIEW
applications directly within the InstrumentStudio environment. This integration
enables users to leverage the functionality of the InstrumentStudio soft front
panel to interact with LabVIEW applications tailored to their specific needs.

---

## Software support

NI Packages Dependency | Version Required
--- | ---
[LabVIEW (64-bit)](https://www.ni.com/en/support/downloads/software-products/download.labview.html#443865) | 2021 SP1 or later
[InstrumentStudio](https://www.ni.com/en/support/downloads/software-products/download.instrumentstudio.html#544066) | 2023 Q4 or later
[JKI VI Package Manager](https://www.ni.com/en/support/downloads/tools-network/download.jki-vi-package-manager.html#443251) | 2021 SP1 or later

VIPM Packages Dependency | Version Required
--- | ---
[JDP Science Common Utilities](https://www.vipm.io/package/jdp_science_lib_common_utilities/) | 1.4.1.18 or later
[JSONtext](https://www.vipm.io/package/jdp_science_jsontext/) | 1.8.2.122 or later

---

## Installation

- Download the `InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK` and `InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK
  Generator` packages from the latest release assets.

- Install the `InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK`, followed by the `InstrumentStudio
  Plug-In SDK Generator`.

---

## Developing and deploying a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in

Refer to the [InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK Generator
Guide](./docs/InstrumentStudio%20Plug-In%20SDK%20Generator%20Guide.md) to
develop and deploy an InstrumentStudio Plug-In using the InstrumentStudio Plug-In
generator tool.

---

## Using a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in in InstrumentStudio

1. Open InstrumentStudio and click `Manual Layout`.
2. The InstrumentStudio plug-in will be listed under the Add-Ons category within
   the group specified in the `.gplugindata` file.
3. Choose the desired plug-in and create a large panel.
  
   ![Edit Layout](./docs/images/InstrumentStudio%20Edit%20Layout.png)
4. The layout will be populated with the plug-in UI as shown below.

   ![Plug-In SFP](./docs/images/InstrumentStudio%20Plug-In%20Soft%20Panel.png)
5. Modify the inputs in the UI to interact with the application.

---

## Building package to deploy a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in

1. Create an NI Package or Installer build specification in LabVIEW. Refer to
   [creating build
   specification](https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/labview/page/building-and-distributing-applications.html)
   for more information.
2. Add the `PPL` build output files for the plug-in as the source files.
3. Set the destination directory to `C:\Program Files\National
   Instruments\InstrumentStudio\Addons\<Plug-in Name>`
4. Build and install the NI Package or Installer.

---

## Examples

The `examples` directory contains the Game of Life InstrumentStudio plug-in
example. Refer to the example's [README.md](./examples/Game%20of%20Life/README.md) file
for more information.

---

## Note

- For information about InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK Generator, please refer to
  the [InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK Generator
  Guide](./docs/InstrumentStudio%20Plug-In%20SDK%20Generator%20Guide.md).
- For information about InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK APIs, please refer to the
  [InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK
  Reference](./docs/InstrumentStudio%20Plug-In%20SDK%20Reference.md).

Commit message:

docs: refine instructions for building package or installer

README.md, after:

# InstrumentStudio Plug-In for LabVIEW

- [InstrumentStudio Plug-In for LabVIEW](#instrumentstudio-plug-in-for-labview)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Software support](#software-support)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Developing and deploying a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in](#developing-and-deploying-a-labview-instrumentstudio-plug-in)
  - [Using a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in in InstrumentStudio](#using-a-labview-instrumentstudio-plug-in-in-instrumentstudio)
  - [Creating a package or installer to deploy the InstrumentStudio plug-in](#creating-a-package-or-installer-to-deploy-the-instrumentstudio-plug-in)
  - [Examples](#examples)
  - [Note](#note)

---

## Introduction

The InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK for LabVIEW allows users to host LabVIEW
applications directly within the InstrumentStudio environment. This integration
enables users to leverage the functionality of the InstrumentStudio soft front
panel to interact with LabVIEW applications tailored to their specific needs.

---

## Software support

NI Packages Dependency | Version Required
--- | ---
[LabVIEW (64-bit)](https://www.ni.com/en/support/downloads/software-products/download.labview.html#443865) | 2021 SP1 or later
[InstrumentStudio](https://www.ni.com/en/support/downloads/software-products/download.instrumentstudio.html#544066) | 2023 Q4 or later
[JKI VI Package Manager](https://www.ni.com/en/support/downloads/tools-network/download.jki-vi-package-manager.html#443251) | 2021 SP1 or later

VIPM Packages Dependency | Version Required
--- | ---
[JDP Science Common Utilities](https://www.vipm.io/package/jdp_science_lib_common_utilities/) | 1.4.1.18 or later
[JSONtext](https://www.vipm.io/package/jdp_science_jsontext/) | 1.8.2.122 or later

---

## Installation

- Download the `InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK` and `InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK
  Generator` packages from the latest release assets.

- Install the `InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK`, followed by the `InstrumentStudio
  Plug-In SDK Generator`.

---

## Developing and deploying a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in

Refer to the [InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK Generator
Guide](./docs/InstrumentStudio%20Plug-In%20SDK%20Generator%20Guide.md) to
develop and deploy an InstrumentStudio Plug-In using the InstrumentStudio Plug-In
generator tool.

---

## Using a LabVIEW InstrumentStudio plug-in in InstrumentStudio

1. Open InstrumentStudio and click `Manual Layout`.
2. The InstrumentStudio plug-in will be listed under the Add-Ons category within
   the group specified in the `.gplugindata` file.
3. Choose the desired plug-in and create a large panel.
  
   ![Edit Layout](./docs/images/InstrumentStudio%20Edit%20Layout.png)
4. The layout will be populated with the plug-in UI as shown below.

   ![Plug-In SFP](./docs/images/InstrumentStudio%20Plug-In%20Soft%20Panel.png)
5. Modify the inputs in the UI to interact with the application.

---

## Creating a package or installer to deploy the InstrumentStudio plug-in

1. Open the LabVIEW project which contains the InstrumentStudio plug-in.
2. Create a Package or Installer build specification in the project. Refer to
   [Creating Build Specifications](https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/labview/page/creating-build-specifications.html)
   for more information.

   ![Package or Installer build spec creation](./docs/images/Package%20or%20Installer%20build%20spec.png)

3. Open the `Destinations` page in the package or installer build specification
   properties.
4. Set the destination directory to `C:\Program Files\National
   Instruments\InstrumentStudio\Addons\<Plug-in Name>`.

   ![Destination directory](./docs/images/Package%20or%20Installer%20Destination%20directory.png)

5. In the `Source Files` page, add the `PPL` build specification of the plug-in
   to the destination view. This action will automatically incorporate the files
   generated by the PPL into the package or installer during the build process.

   ![Source Files](./docs/images/Package%20or%20Installer%20Source%20Files.png)

6. To build the package or installer, right-click on the desired build
specification and choose 'Build'.

   Note: The PPL build specification must be built first in order for the package
   or installer build to succeed.

---

## Examples

The `examples` directory contains the Game of Life InstrumentStudio plug-in
example. Refer to the example's [README.md](./examples/Game%20of%20Life/README.md) file
for more information.

---

## Note

- For information about InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK Generator, please refer to
  the [InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK Generator
  Guide](./docs/InstrumentStudio%20Plug-In%20SDK%20Generator%20Guide.md).
- For information about InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK APIs, please refer to the
  [InstrumentStudio Plug-In SDK
  Reference](./docs/InstrumentStudio%20Plug-In%20SDK%20Reference.md).
